Let me apologize to Jiang Yan
I'd rather...
Go jump off the building
Jiang Yan men are crazy to let the white koi beg them
Yes!
This person is not capable of making money to support his family
He also came to the factory to cause trouble for Jiang Yan
Now Jiang Yan is finished
I had to admit my mistake, maybe it was fine
It's really over now
Stop making trouble
We just made some money
But don't get carried away.
Did you get carried away?
I'm just stating the facts
state the facts
It's really unknown
I'll tell you what the truth is.
The fact is that Jiang Yan will be fired from the textile factory
And never hired
You two, huh?
A fox
A gambler
A match made in heaven
Hmph, you dare to hit me with a mouth full of shit, shouldn't you hit me?
Manager Bai just pushed me
He hit me again!
outrageous
You, a wimp, dare to touch people in my field
I'm giving you one last chance.
Kneel down and apologize immediately
Let me kneel and apologize
You don't deserve it.